You don't kneel yet
How is that possible?
Possibly, General
You're not stupid.
The king was just offended
Please forgive me.
The ignorant are innocent
To be deceived even at this time
I don't care how much he pretends
He is just a temperament of my Xiao family
Useless
Mistaken king
I gave the general this position as the end
What are you all waiting for?
Lord Wu Weijun will arrive soon
Why don't you hurry up and cooperate with Xiao Dasheng?
Take down Xiao Chen, this evil beast
Otherwise all of us
Will be blamed by Lord Wu Weijun
Xiao Chen will die today next year
Get me this bastard
Break limbs
Pulled out the tongue
Smash the spine
Gouged out the eyes
Let me tear him to pieces
A thousand cuts
Mingzheng iron core